Add mqtt sensor example processing epoch timestamps (#31287)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sensor.mqtt.markdown

> In this section you find some real-life examples of how to use this sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you find some real-life examples showing how to use this sensor.
```

The example below shows how an MQTT sensor can process a Unix EPOCH payload.

{% raw %}

Set up via YAML:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
mqtt:
  sensor:
    - name: "turned on"
      state_topic: "pump/timestamp_on"
      device_class: "timestamp"
      value_template: "{{ as_datetime(value) }}"
      unique_id: "hp_1231232_ts_on"
      device:
        name: "Heat pump"
        identifiers:
          - "hp_1231232"
```

{% endraw %}

Or set up via MQTT discovery:

Discovery topic: `homeassistant/sensor/hp_1231232/config`

{% raw %}

```json
{
  "name": "turned on",
  "state_topic": "pump/timestamp_on",
  "device_class": "timestamp",
  "value_template": "{{ as_datetime(value) }}",
  "unique_id": "hp_1231232_ts_on",
  "device": {
    "name": "Heat pump",
    "identifiers": [
      "hp_1231232"
    ]
  }
}
```

{% endraw %}

To test, you can use the command line tool `mosquitto_pub` shipped with `mosquitto` or the `mosquitto-clients` package to send MQTT messages.

Payload topic: `pump/timestamp_on`
Payload: `1707294116`

To set the state of the sensor manually:

```bash
mosquitto_pub -h 127.0.0.1 -u username -p some_password -t pump/timestamp_on -m '1707294116'
```

> Make sure the IP address of you MQTT broker is used, and that user credential have been set up correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the IP address of your MQTT broker is used and that user credentials have been set up correctly.
```
